--- PAGE 1 ---
Product Guide

--- PAGE 2 ---
Contents
01 04
Introduction 03 Our Process 15
Application and Funding
Borrower Information Needed
02 Easy 3-Step Application Process
Easy 3-Step Funding Process
Quick Start Guide 04 Common Closing Documents 16
Our Sweet Spot Document Submission
Minimum Borrower Qualifications
Funding Times 17
Additional Qualifications 05
Term Loan
Eligible States 06
Line of Credit
Industries
Holiday Hours
Key Talking Points 07
Communication Standards 08 Payments 18
Exclusivity Rules 19
03
Our Products 09 05
Term Loan
Product Features Resources 20
Commission Structure 10 Account Manager
Key Benefits Partner Portal
Renewals 11 Partner Resource Center
Cost Breakdown Product Overview One-Pager
Slack Channel
Line of Credit 12
Partner Communications
Product Features
Commission Structure 13
Key Benefits 06
Instant Funding FAQs 14
Code of Conduct 21
07
FAQs 25

--- PAGE 3 ---
01 Introduction
At OnDeck, we believe that
small businesses are the
lifeblood of the U.S. economy,
and historically have been
underfunded.
That’s why our goal is to help small business owners receive the funds they
need to manage their everyday challenges and opportunities to succeed. We’re
excited to partner with you to help achieve that goal. This product guide will help
you understand the products we offer, the types of merchants we work with, and
our application, funding and repayment processes.
If you’re ready to jump in, the next few pages are a Quick Start Guide that will
lay out the high-level details of what successful applicants look like so you can
begin submitting and funding deals right away.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 3

--- PAGE 4 ---
02 Quick Start Guide
Our Sweet Spot
We use a number of variables to determine eligibility. Our “sweet spot” profile is
designed to create the best experience. Borrowers that meet the following crite-
ria have a higher chance of approval and success with our products.
$300K+ 675+
Annual Gross Revenue Personal FICO® Score
2+ years $3K/month
Time in Business (minimal NFS activity)
Average Bank Balance
Minimum Borrower Qualifications
$100K 625
Annual Gross Revenue Personal FICO™ Score
1 year $1K/month
Time in Business Average Bank Balance
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 4

--- PAGE 5 ---
Quick Start Guide
Additional Qualifications
Ownership
Applicant(s) must have at least 50% ownership and authority to sign on behalf of the
business.
2 True Deposits Required per Month
We only require 2 deposits/month to consider an applicant.
Payoff
• We can fund a borrower if the funded loan amount is at least double the amount
of the existing debt obligation. A payoff letter is required prior to funding.
• The existing balance will be paid off and the borrower nets the remainder of the
funding.
− Ex: A $50K balance requires at least a $100K approval
• Borrowers with existing debt and the following attributes will be automatically
declined:
− Personal FICO® score <625
− 3+ existing balances (we typically will pay off up to 2 MCAs)
Tax Liens
• Up to $100K combined between all liens (federal, state, business, personal)
-OR-
• Maximum of 5.5% of gross revenue
Judgments
• Up to $100K combined between all business and personal judgments
• No judgments with other MCA/ACH/Lenders
Bankruptcy
• The borrower and business owner cannot have an open, dismissed or closed
personal or business bankruptcy in the last 2 years.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 5

--- PAGE 6 ---
Quick Start Guide
Eligible States*
Eligible States in Blue
Ineligible States in Grey
• North Dakota
*Depending on the state where your business is located and other attributes of your business and the loan,
your business loan may be issued by a member of the OnDeck family of companies or by Celtic Bank. Your loan
agreement will identify the lender prior to your signing. Loans subject to lender approval.
Industries and Entities We Serve
Most Commonly Funded Industries We Fund, Most Lenders
Don’t
• General Automotive Repair
• Construction • Trucking
• Restaurants • Lawyers
• Professional (Accounting, IT,
Consulting)
• Medical/Health Care
Entities
• We work with all entities, including sole proprietorships and
partnerships.
Ineligible Industries
• View our ineligible industries list HERE.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 6

--- PAGE 7 ---
Quick Start Guide
Key Talking Points
Average decision time Required paperwork Average funding time
As little as 2 hours* Last 3 months of business 1 – 2 business days
bank statements after approval
1 application, 2 offers Transparent pricing
Applicants may be eligible to receive Make informed decisions with our
both our term loan and line of credit at OnDeck Loan Comparison Tool. It gives
the same time. you a comprehensive breakdown of
your cost of capital — including all
Same–Day Funding** the key terms you need to evaluate
Same–Day Funding is available for potential loan offers.
eligible term loan customers.
Additional funds
Instant Funding*** You may be eligible for additional
Instant Funding (funding within funding if you’ve reached six months
seconds) is available for all line of of repayment or you’ve paid down 40%
credit customers. of your term loan — whichever comes
first.
Build business credit history
We report to business credit bureaus, Loyalty perks
which helps build business credit If you renew, we’ll waive all remaining
history with on-time payments. unpaid interest on your original term
loan.
*A completed application and all required documentation needed to receive a decision within the approximate 2-hour
timeframe.
**Same Day Funding is only available in certain states, for term loans up to $100K. Eligibility window is Monday-Friday before
10:30am EST. If checkout is done before 10:30am EST, funds will be available by 5pm local time the same day. If checkout is
done after 10:30am EST, or on a weekend or bank holiday, it will not qualify for Same Day Funding and funds will be deposited
within 2-3 business days
***Instant Funding requires registration and is subject to the Instant Funding Terms & Conditions. Instant Funding is limited
to open lines of credit for draws between $1,000 - $10,000, and you can only make one draw request per day. Not all banks or
debit card providers participate, and you must register a business debit card matching the information associated with your
OnDeck account. Transfers are typically completed within 30 minutes, but may be subject to additional restrictions or delays.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 7

--- PAGE 8 ---
Quick Start Guide
Communication Standards
Please review our Dos and Don’ts so you feel prepared, confident and successful when
selling our products.
Do Don’t
Accurately represent our products. Stack our loan product.
Keep an open line of communication Engage in a “bait and switch” tactic
with your Account Manager. They (e.g., promote one product but slyly
will answer any questions and sell a borrower another product).
troubleshoot any issues you may
have.
Provide feedback to your Account Knowingly provide fraudulent
Manager and Business Development information or documents.
Representative so we can continue to
improve our product and processes.
Create the ultimate customer Take advantage of a merchant’s
experience. Customer service is a lack of financial understanding.
key pillar for OnDeck, and as a key
component of our brand we have the
same expectations of our partners.
Tell merchants about prepayment Charge a merchant additional fees
benefits. When you prepay early in (application fees, closing fees, junk
full, some or all remaining unpaid fees, etc.)
interest is waived depending on
your loan agreement.‡
Tell merchants that changes to
their business bank account being
debited must be made 30 days after
the loan is funded. Requests must
go through the OnDeck customer
service team.
‡When you prepay your term loan in full, we will apply a discount on remaining unpaid interest based on the Prepayment Interest
Reduction Percentage stated in your loan agreement.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 8

--- PAGE 9 ---
03 Our Products
Term Loan
Common Uses for OnDeck’s Term Loan
There are many ways our term loan can help a merchant achieve their business
goals. Some popular uses include:
Working Capital Business Expansion Inventory
For information on guarantor or UCC filings, please see our FAQs on page 25.
Product Features
$5K – $250K 6 – 24 months
Loan Range Repayment Terms
*
Daily or weekly Buy rate as low as 1.14
Payment Frequency Cents on Dollar
**
0% – 4% APR as low as 27.2%
Origination Fee Interest Rate
Origination fees may be reduced for subsequent loans.
*This buy rate is only available on 6 month term loans. The average buy rate is 1.42. The cents on dollar quoted excludes the
commission rate. See page 10 for commission rate information.
**Eligibility for the lowest rates is very limited, available only to businesses with the strongest creditworthiness and cash flows, and
typically businesses that have shown an excellent payment history on prior loan products with OnDeck. The average rate for term
loans is 55.8% APR and the average rate for lines of credit is 56% APR. Averages are based on loans originated in the half-year
ending March 31, 2024.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 9

--- PAGE 10 ---
Our Products
Commission Structure
Initial: Commissions can vary based on loan amounts and sell rate (cents on dollar),
paid on a weekly basis.
• We pay up to 12 points maximum for all loan amounts.
Renewals: Commissions are based on the net new funded amount as well as the
sell rate, paid on a weekly basis.
• Commission maximums will mirror the initial deal commission. For example, if the
initial deal received 9 points, the renewal deal could receive up to 9 points.
Key Benefits
• Same Day Funding: Customers can receive their funds by 5:00 p.m. the same
business day if checkout is completed by 10:30 a.m. ET.*
• Prepayment benefits: When you prepay early in full, some or all remaining unpaid
interest is waived depending on your loan agreement.‡
• Additional funds: Customers can apply for additional funds once they have paid
50% of their current loan.
• Loyalty benefits: If you renew, we’ll waive all remaining unpaid interest on your
original term loan.
• Build business credit history: We report payments to business credit bureaus; so
when customers pay on time, they’re building a stronger business credit history.
• No hard credit pulls: We can check customer eligibility without affecting their
credit score.
*Same Day Funding is only available in certain states, for term loans up to $100K. Eligibility window is Monday-Friday before
10:30am EST. If checkout is done before 10:30am EST, funds will be available by 5pm local time the same day. If checkout is done
after 10:30am EST, or on a weekend or bank holiday, it will not qualify for Same Day Funding and funds will be deposited within 2-3
business days.
‡When you prepay your term loan in full, we will apply a discount on remaining unpaid interest based on the Prepayment Interest
Reduction Percentage stated in your loan agreement.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 10

--- PAGE 11 ---
Our Products
Renewals
Customers in good standing are eligible to apply for additional funding once they
have paid down 50% of their current loan, or 6 months have elapsed, and meet the
following criteria:
• Less than 3 missed payments during the past
Did You Know?
loan term
The average customer takes 2+
• No past due balances at the time of the renewal
loans. Renewal commission deals
• No stacking
can make up to the same points
• If the customer has an active OnDeck Line of
as the initial commission deal.
Credit, the line must be open for at least 30 days
Success Tips
• Maintain contact with your customers for the duration of their loan and
let them know when they are eligible for a renewal. Remember, you have
exclusive rights to a customer’s renewal for 90 calendar days once their
original loan is fully paid off.
• Contact your dedicated Renewal Account Manager for further insight to
your merchant’s renewal opportunities.
Cost Breakdown of OnDeck’s Term Loan
X Loan Principal 50,000 Loan Principal
The amount borrowed, separate from interest
Simple Interest x 15%
A Interest Expense 7,500 Simple Interest
Total interest paid as percentage of loan amount
Loan Principal 50,000 Interest Expense
Interest payable on loan
Origination Fee x 2.5%
B Origination Fee Expense 1,250 Origination Fee
One time processing and servicing fee
Interest Expense 7,500 Total Payback
Total amount paid back to lender (X+A+B)
Origination Fee Expense + 1,250
A+B Total Cost of Capital 8,750 Total Disbursement
Total $ amount that borrower receives from loan
(X-B)
Loan Principal 50,000
Interest Expense + 7,500
X+A+B Total Payback Amount 57,500
Loan Principal 50,000
Origination Fee Expense - 1,250
X-B Total Disbursement 48,750
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 11

--- PAGE 12 ---
Approved Iconography
! !
Our Products
Line of Credit
Common Uses for OnDeck’s Line of Credit
With our line of credit, merchants have access to cash whenever they need it. Some
popular uses include:
Payroll Bridging Cash Flow Gaps Day-to-Day Operations
For information on guarantor or UCC filings, please see our FAQs on page 25.
Product Features
$6K – $100K 12, 18 or 24-month
Revolving Credit Range (resets after each withdrawal)
Repayment Term
*
Weekly or Monthly APR as low as 35.9%
Payment Frequency Interest Rate
Zero $1K
Draw Fees or Maintenance Fees Minimum Draw Amount
for All States
*Eligibility for the lowest rates is very limited, available only to businesses with the strongest creditworthiness and cash
flows, and typically businesses that have shown an excellent payment history on prior loan products with OnDeck. The
average rate for term loans is 55.8% APR and the average rate for lines of credit is 56% APR. Averages are based on loans
originated in the half-year ending March 31, 2024.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 12

--- PAGE 13 ---
Our Products
Commission Structure
6% commission for all new and subsequent draws,
Lines of credit at or below $100,000:
paid on a weekly basis.
5% commission for all new and subsequent draws, paid
Lines of credit above $100,000:
on a weekly basis.
Key Benefits
• Instant Funding: Customers can receive funds in their account within seconds
every time they make a withdrawal.* Learn more about Instant Funding on page 14.
• Only pay for what you borrow: Withdraw what you need, when you need it.** You’ll
only be charged interest on the funds you draw.
• Automatic credit line increases: We review our customers’ credit profiles on a
monthly basis and automatically increase the credit limit for qualified customers.
• No hard credit pulls: We can check customer eligibility without affecting their
credit score.
• Revolving credit: Customers only apply once and funds replenish when they pay
them back, so long as they make timely payments.
• No prepayment penalties: Customers can pay off their line of credit anytime
they’d like, with no penalty or fee.
• Build business credit history: We report payments to business credit bureaus; so
when customers pay on time, they’re building a stronger business credit history.
• Consolidated payments: One weekly or monthly payment for all withdrawals. Term
length resets after each withdrawal.
*Instant Funding requires registration and is subject to the Instant Funding Terms & Conditions. Instant Funding is limited to
open lines of credit for draws between $1,000 - $10,000, and you can only make one draw request per day. Not all banks or debit
card providers participate, and you must register a business debit card matching the information associated with your OnDeck
account. Transfers are typically completed within 30 minutes, but may be subject to additional restrictions or delays.
**Depending on your state and other circumstances of your application, you may be required to make a minimum draw of $1,000
at origination.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 13

--- PAGE 14 ---
Our Products
Instant Funding FAQs
1 What is it?
Instant Funding is a feature of our line of credit where funds are immediately
electronically transferred to a merchant’s account via their business debit card,
completed in seconds.
2 Who is eligible to receive Instant Funding?
All OnDeck Line of Credit customers are eligible for Instant Funding. Customers need
to sign up in their online portal and must have a business debit card.
3 When is Instant Funding available?
Instant Funding customers can draw from their line of credit whenever they need it
— nights, weekends, even bank holidays.
4 Are there any fees?
No. There is no extra cost to sign up for Instant Funding, and there are no costs for
taking a draw.
5 Are there any restrictions?
Instant Funding is available for transactions between $1K and $10K, but a merchant’s
bank may have their own limits on the size of transactions that can occur.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 14

--- PAGE 15 ---
04 Our Process
Application and Funding
Borrower Information We Need
Business Tax ID and owner’s SSN The last 3 months of business bank
statements
Business address and owner’s home
address Detailed use of funds and amount
requested
Business number and owner’s home
phone number Date of birth
Email address
Our Easy 3-Step Application Process Our Easy 3-Step Funding Process
1 Click “New App” in the Partner Portal. 1 If approved, send the checkout link to
the borrower.
2 Complete and submit the application
2 Borrower confirms identity, and
and upload the last 3 months of
provides routing and bank account
business bank statements for
information.
underwriting to review.
3 Borrower signs contract and online
3 Receive a response from us in
checkout is complete.
approximately 2 hours with real-time
updates via Partner Portal.
Did You Know?
Partners on our API take an average of 3 seconds to submit an application (compared
to 3 mins through our portal). Save time and effort. Contact your Account Manager
today to sign up for our API.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 15

--- PAGE 16 ---
Our Process
Common Closing Documents We May Request
• Copy of valid driver’s license of • Home lease OR utility bill to verify
business owner home address
• Business lease OR utility bill to verify • Business tax return
business address • Voided check
Submit Closing Documents Via:
• Scanning and uploading to Partner Portal (preferred method)
• Emailing scanned documents to docs@ondeck.com
Success Tips
• To receive the fastest possible approvals (and earn your commission
sooner), double check your application for accuracy and completion
before you submit.
• When sending documents via email make sure to include the
application number in the subject line for quicker processing time.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 16

--- PAGE 17 ---
Our Process
Funding Times
Term Loan
Cutoff time to receive Same Day Funding for eligible term loan customers is 10:30 a.m. ET.*
• If online checkout is completed before 10:30 a.m. ET on a business day, funds will be
deposited into the account by 5:00 p.m. local time the same business day.
• If online checkout is completed after 10:30 a.m. ET or on a weekend or bank holiday,
funds will be deposited into the account in 2 – 3 business days.
Line of Credit
• Instant Funding customers: There is no cutoff time. Instant Funding customers can
access their available funds within seconds every time they make a withdrawal,
24/7, even when banks are closed.**
• Non-Instant Funding customers: Cutoff time to receive in 1 – 2 business days is 7:00
p.m. ET.
Holiday Hours
We are closed for the below holidays. We reopen the following business day after
each holiday. Please note that while we are open on Presidents Day, Veterans Day and
Columbus Day, banks are closed and we will not be able to deliver funds unless the
customer is registered for Instant Funding.
• New Year’s Day • Labor Day
• Martin Luther King Jr. Day • Thanksgiving
• Memorial Day • Day after Thanksgiving Day
• Independence Day • Christmas Day
*Same Day Funding is only available in certain states, for term loans up to $100K. Eligibility window is Monday-Friday before 10:30am EST.
If checkout is done before 10:30am EST, funds will be available by 5pm local time the same day. If checkout is done after 10:30am EST, or
on a weekend or bank holiday, it will not qualify for Same Day Funding and funds will be deposited within 2-3 business days
**Instant Funding requires registration and is subject to the Instant Funding Terms & Conditions. Instant Funding is limited to open lines
of credit for draws between $1,000 - $10,000, and you can only make one draw request per day. Not all banks or debit card providers
participate, and you must register a business debit card matching the information associated with your OnDeck account. Transfers are
typically completed within 30 minutes, but may be subject to additional restrictions or delays.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 17

--- PAGE 18 ---
Our Process
Payments
Term Loan Line of Credit
Payment Frequency: Daily or Weekly Payment Frequency: Weekly or Monthly
First Payment Date: If a customer Weekly First Payment Date: Payments
chooses daily, the first payment
for a line of credit are always debited
will be due the next day after funds
on a Wednesday. If a withdrawal
are initiated. If a customer chooses
is initiated before 11:00 a.m. ET on
weekly, the first payment will be due
Tuesday, the first payment will be due
the following week after funds are
initiated. For example, if a merchant that Wednesday. If a withdrawal is
receives funds on a Monday, with a initiated after 11:00 a.m. ET on Tuesday,
daily repayment loan the first payment the first payment will be due the
would be debited on Tuesday; with
following Wednesday.
a weekly repayment loan the first
payment will most likely be posted the Subsequent Payments: The customer’s
following Monday. account will be debited every
Wednesday.
Subsequent Payments: If a customer
chooses daily, their account will be
Monthly First Payment Date: If a
debited daily. If a customer chooses
customer is eligible for monthly
weekly, their account will be debited
payment options, their payments will
weekly. Using the above example, with a
weekly repayment loan the customer’s be determined by when the loan is
account would be debited every funded. If the merchant funds their
Monday. loan during the 1st - 19th of the month,
their first payment will be on the 26th
of the current month. If the merchant’s
loan is funded during the 20th - 31st of
the month, their first payment will be
on the 26th of the next month.
Payment dates cannot be changed. We collect ACH payments from customers only on business days. If a payment falls on a
weekend or bank holiday, we will debit the account the following business day.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 18

--- PAGE 19 ---
Our Process
Exclusivity Rules
How Customer Exclusivity Works
At times, the same business owner may engage and apply with multiple funding
sources. To ensure fair lead distribution and optimize your earning potential,
we’ve implemented lead ownership rules.
New Applications
When OnDeck receives more than one new application for a particular
merchant, the first application to receive approval for funding shall be
allowed to proceed. All other pending applications will be declined.
Approvals
Approvals are valid for 30 CALENDAR DAYS. After this amount of time
elapses, another Funding Advisor may resubmit the same business. Make
sure to submit a signed BLSA and all necessary loan documents.
Exclusive Rights – Line of Credit
When a customer opens a line of credit as their first product with OnDeck,
you will hold exclusive rights over that customer for 90 CALENDAR DAYS. If
a term loan is not funded during this time, any Funding Advisor can submit
the same business to OnDeck.
Exclusive Rights – Term Loan
When a customer has an existing term loan, you will hold exclusive rights
over that customer for 90 CALENDAR DAYS past the final payment. If not
renewed during this time, any Funding Advisor can submit the same
business to OnDeck.
Active Funding Advisor With OnDeck
To remain an active partner, you must fund at least one deal each quarter
(every 90 CALENDAR DAYS). Keep in mind that only active Funding Advisors
are eligible to receive full commission on renewals.
We also reserve the right to test other methods of determining which Funding Advisor is entitled to compensation
when we receive multiple applications for the same customer from different Funding Advisors. When we decide to
test a new exclusivity rule, we will provide you with notice that we are testing an alternative method of determining
how we compensate our Funding Advisors. In any event, our decision regarding which Funding Advisor is entitled to
compensation is final.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 19

--- PAGE 20 ---
05 Resources
1 Account Manager
Your dedicated Account Manager will help with:
• Training so you are comfortable talking about our products
• Answering questions (submissions, pushbacks, adjustments, which borrowers
are the right fit, etc.)
• Successfully selling the OnDeck products
• Your Account Manager’s contact information is located in the Partner Portal
2 Partner Portal
• Log in HERE
• Partner Portal Overview Deck
3 Partner Resource Center
4 Product Overview One-Pager
5 Slack Channel
This is a great way to receive real-time feedback from your Account Manager on
any questions you may have.
6 Partner Communications
Each month we send a variety of email communications that help you learn about
our latest product and process updates, as well as our product benefits and
competitive advantages. Please add partnersupport@ondeck.com to your safe
senders list.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 20

--- PAGE 21 ---
06 Code of Conduct
Introduction
The success of OnDeck depends in large part upon the reputation and actions of
those who are associated with our company and our products. It is therefore critical
that, when performing services and selling OnDeck products, participants in our
Funding Advisor Program (“FAPs” or “You”) are committed to conducting business
with the utmost honesty and integrity, and in strict compliance with applicable
law. This commitment is key to our mutual success and building relationships with
business customers and the public based on trust. Business customers of OnDeck are
hereinafter referred to as “Merchants”.
Overview of Obligations
You and your employees must always engage in honest and ethical conduct in
everything you do, and deal fairly with Merchants and prospective Merchants.
You shall not engage in unfair, deceptive or abusive conduct or any other unfair
dealing, as more specifically described in this Code. This Code is not intended
to be a comprehensive code of conduct for your business, but rather to address
certain aspects of conduct specific to your participation in the Funding Advisor
Program. It is expected that beyond what is addressed by this Code, at all times
you must be in compliance with the letter and spirit of all applicable laws, rules, and
regulations, as well as ethical business standards. As to those aspects of conduct
identified in this Code, it is not possible to address every situation that may pose a
legal or ethical concern, or deal with all local requirements. Where more restrictive
local laws or requirements exist, those take precedence. FAPs are expected to use
sound judgment and to seek guidance if necessary from their legal counsel or
other advisors. OnDeck will also try to answer your questions where appropriate. FAP
owners, senior executives, and any employees who will be selling or otherwise dealing
with prospective or existing Merchants (collectively, “FAP Personnel”) are required to
read and strictly comply with this Code. All FAP Personnel must take the web-based
training provided to you by OnDeck. You are responsible for ensuring completion of
the training by FAP Personnel and keeping records of such. New FAP Personnel should
get a copy of this Code and take the training within 30 days of their hire. This Code
supplements and is made part and parcel of your Managed Applicant Commission
Agreement (the “Agreement”) with OnDeck. The Agreement shall govern in the event
of any conflict with this Code.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 21

--- PAGE 22 ---
Code of Conduct
Violating this Code
Violation of this Code or any applicable law, rule or regulation may result in
immediate termination of your relationship with OnDeck. It is your responsibility to
report to OnDeck violations or suspected violations of this Code or applicable laws,
rules or regulations that could in any way relate to your participation in OnDeck’s
Funding Advisor Program. Your prompt reporting will be considered in determining
whether to terminate the relationship, as appropriate.
Proprietary and Confidential Information
By participating in the Funding Advisor Program, and when selling OnDeck products,
you may have access to Proprietary and/or Confidential Information of OnDeck,
which could include, but is not limited to, sales information, business and marketing
practices/plans, technology systems and other intellectual property, customer
lists and financial information. It is also important to understand that Merchant
and Merchant owner information (e.g., information uploaded to OnDeck systems),
including but not limited to personal information, is considered Confidential
Information. You are expected to maintain the confidentiality of OnDeck Proprietary
and Confidential Information. You must take all reasonable precautions to
safeguard this information in your offices and otherwise, and shall not disclose it
unless authorized to do so. You should not display or discuss OnDeck Proprietary
or Confidential Information in public places or in the presence of third parties,
and should exercise care when there is a need to send such information through
electronic means. You shall not use Proprietary or Confidential Information of OnDeck
for your own benefit or for the benefit of third parties. This duty of confidentiality
applies both during and after your engagement as a FAP.
Document Retention
You should keep documents and records necessary to maintain and to retrieve a
history of the business conducted for our mutual customers. FAPs must also retain
documents and records required by applicable law. You will maintain records or
written or oral complaints from Merchants or others relating to your services for
OnDeck, including regulatory agencies, and provide such records as requested by
OnDeck.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 22

--- PAGE 23 ---
Code of Conduct
Protection of OnDeck Intellectual Property
Obtaining, distributing, or using the intellectual property of OnDeck or its third-party
business “partners”, including, but not limited to, trademarked and copyrighted
materials or software, without prior written authorization from OnDeck is prohibited.
You must obtain prior written approval from OnDeck to use our, or any of our business
partner’s, name, brand, or marketing or promotional materials, in any of your
activities. You will not alter any such name, brand or materials without OnDeck’s prior
written approval.
Honesty and Fair Dealing
You must always: deal honestly and fairly with OnDeck’s employees, Merchants,
competitors, and the general public; attempt to timely and fairly resolve complaints;
provide all required disclosures to Merchants, and obtain and retain a record of all
required Merchant consents. You will not engage in unfair, deceptive or abusive
practices. In addition to those requirements and prohibitions contained in your
Agreement and applicable law, the following are some specific dos and don’ts:
You must ensure that:
• There is a factual basis for all representations
• Any representation about or description of a product or service is complete,
accurate and truthfully describes the terms, conditions, limitations, availability,
costs, value and benefits of the product or service.
• Materials shall contain no misrepresentation either by statement or omission
• Materials and representations draw the customer’s attention to key terms that
are important for the customer to make an informed decision that the product or
service meets the customer’s needs
• Products that are promoted are available to most customers or are representative
examples
• You fairly and in a timely manner address complaints brought by Merchants
You must not:
• Charge any fees whatsoever to customers unless approved in your Managed
Applicant Commission Agreement or otherwise in writing by OnDeck
• Solicit, or engage in any other activities, based on a Merchant or Merchant owner’s
sex, marital status, age, race, national origin or other prohibited basis under federal
or state law
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 23

--- PAGE 24 ---
Code of Conduct
Honesty and Fair Dealing
You must not:
• Engage in “bait-and-switch” or other unfair tactics (e.g., promoting a product
when in fact the version sold to the Merchant is different)
• Take advantage of a Merchant’s lack of understanding or sophistication
• Broker a loan to Merchant who you know is unable to repay such loan
• Engage in any form of bribery or kickbacks
• Disclose or misuse proprietary, confidential or private information of OnDeck or its
customers
• Alter or modify any Merchant or prospective Merchant information or loan terms
• Represent Yourself as being part of OnDeck or an OnDeck employee or otherwise
lead anyone to believe You are part of OnDeck or an OnDeck employee
• Use the OnDeck name or logo or otherwise associate OnDeck with any non-
OnDeck products, including, but not limited to, “add-on” products such as credit
insurance
• Publicly discuss OnDeck, including with news organizations, blogs and websites
• Subcontract or otherwise permit any person or entity other than you and your
employees to sell OnDeck products, without OnDeck’s prior written consent
• Knowingly solicit or sell any kind of loan or funding to an OnDeck Merchant having
an existing OnDeck loan
• Collect or attempt to collect on any OnDeck loan or otherwise contact a Merchant
about payments on an OnDeck loan
Updating Your Information
It is important that you advise OnDeck of new FAP Personnel so that, among other
things, we can assure they receive and complete training on this Code.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 24

--- PAGE 25 ---
07 FAQs
1 How does OnDeck send funds?
Through ACH. For Instant Funding, funds are transferred to a merchant’s account via
their business debit card.
2 How quickly can a customer receive funds?
• Term Loan: Customers may be eligible for Same Day Funding* depending on the
state the customer is located in, the funded amount and the time of checkout. If
a customer does not qualify for Same Day Funding, funds will be deposited within
2 – 3 business days.
• Line of Credit: Customers who are registered for Instant Funding can receive
funds in seconds.** Customers who are not registered for Instant Funding will
receive funds in 1 – 2 business days.
Please reference page 17 for additional information on funding times.
3 Can I fund OnDeck and Headway Capital at the same time?
Not at this time.
4 Can a merchant receive OnDeck’s Term Loan and Line of Credit at the same time?
Yes, eligible customers can receive a term loan and line of credit together. The
combination is perfect for businesses who need a loan to cover a large expense
such as buying new equipment, while having the flexibility of a revolving line of
credit to offset any cash flow gaps that may occur.
5 How long does it take to receive a decision from OnDeck?
On average, our team will return a response within 2 hours of receiving a complete
application (this includes the 3 most recent months of business bank statements).
6 What day does OnDeck require previous months business bank statements?
We require new, previous months’ business bank statements beginning the 5th
calendar day of every month. Please note, exceptions are made for smaller banks.
For example:
• On July 2, we would require March, April and May business bank statements.
• On July 5, we would require April, May and June business bank statements.
7 Does OnDeck have a personal guaranty?
Yes, we require a personal guaranty for both our term loan and line of credit.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 25

--- PAGE 26 ---
FAQs
8 Does OnDeck have any exclusivity rules?
Yes, please reference page 19.
9 Does OnDeck perform any credit pulls?
We perform a soft credit pull at the time of application submission.
10 Are your products secured?
Term Loan: Yes, the business’s assets act as collateral.
Line of Credit: No, our line of credit is unsecured.
*Same Day Funding is only available in certain states, for term loans up to $100K. Eligibility window is Monday-Friday before 10:30am EST.
If checkout is done before 10:30am EST, funds will be available by 5pm local time the same day. If checkout is done after 10:30am EST, or
on a weekend or bank holiday, it will not qualify for Same Day Funding and funds will be deposited within 2-3 business days.
**Instant Funding requires registration and is subject to the Instant Funding Terms & Conditions. Instant Funding is limited to open lines
of credit for draws between $1,000 - $10,000, and you can only make one draw request per day. Not all banks or debit card providers
participate, and you must register a business debit card matching the information associated with your OnDeck account. Transfers are
typically completed within 30 minutes, but may be subject to additional restrictions or delays.
Internal use only | Q4 2024 | 10/21/2024 26